this is the Despicable Me 2 talking Dave
minifigure dave is one of three figures
they've released with this line of
talking figures he has the most sayings
of all the figures he's got 55 different
sayings Tim the tallest minion has 25
sayings plus three songs and then Stuart
the short minion with one eye has 45
sayings and a laugh out loud mode now
all of these minions have special modes
Tim singing Stuart is laughing Dave's is
banana mode in super banana mode but
before we show that I'm just going to
show you some of his possible joints he
has ball joint arms or shoulders so he's
got a pretty good range of movement in
those on his elbows it's just a hinge
joint and then on the wrists it's a
swivel joint so Dave can wave Dave can
you know oops
cover his mouth and chuckle and you know
do all sorts of silly poses and hug and
high-five and whatnot he is a very
expressive little figure even though
they look very top-heavy all the weight
is pretty much in the bottom and their
feet her movable so you can spread them
out a little bit wider if you want but
they're actually fairly stable they run
on double-a batteries they're already
included in the Box installed and I've
got this soft rubbery skin that's pretty
fun as far as touching and playing goes
with this action figure now to start the
action figure he won't do anything until
you press his pocket on the front here
now once you press that pocket he'll say
one of his first
Sang's and he's got 55 there seem to be
random but it's hard to tell with that
many now once you've turned him on you
can either press the pocket again for
more or you can lean him left or right
high or you can open or close his mouth
by tilting his head back and Ford
he knows his eyes when you go left and
right turn left and right back and
forward make his eyelids open and close
a combination of one will give some
pretty great expressions as far as
mimicking the actual cartoon minions I
was very impressed with that
now he's got banana mode which is
reaching into his mouth and pressing on
his tongue now once you put him in
banana mode his next couple sound will
be they'll be flatulence and if you want
to put him in super banana mode just
feed him more than once all a great toy
for Despicable Me fan some of these
things do come from the new movie but
I've noticed that some of the sayings
seem to come from the mini movies like
the banana mode and some of them may
just be random nonsense they've made up
in between but you've got a despicable
Me fan this is a great toy form and I
highly recommend